hyp	ability_upgrades.lua				Cost	1500	number	Description	$7731	string	DisplayPriority	282	number	DisplayedName	$7730	string				Icon	Icon_Ability	identifier	Name	Vgr_BomberImprovedBombs_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	Vgr_PlasmaBombs_hyp0	string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7313	string	TargetName	Vgr_Bomber_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	45	number	UpgradeName	UseSpecialWeaponsInNormalAttack	string	UpgradeType	Ability	identifier			
hyp	ability_upgrades.lua				Cost	1500	number	Description	$7731	string	DisplayPriority	282	number	DisplayedName	$7730	string				Icon	Icon_Ability	identifier	Name	Vgr_BomberImprovedBombs_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	Vgr_PlasmaBombs_hyp1	string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7313	string	TargetName	Vgr_Bomber_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	45	number	UpgradeName	UseSpecialWeaponsInNormalAttack	string	UpgradeType	Ability	identifier			
res,hyp	ability_upgrades.lua				Cost	250	number	Description	$7725	string	DisplayPriority	280	number	DisplayedName	$7724	string				Icon	Icon_Ability	identifier	Name	Vgr_RepairAbility_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7311	string	TargetName	Vgr_ResourceCollector_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	20	number	UpgradeName	Repair	string	UpgradeType	Ability	identifier			
res,hyp	ability_upgrades.lua				Cost	250	number	Description	$7725	string	DisplayPriority	280	number	DisplayedName	$7724	string				Icon	Icon_Ability	identifier	Name	Vgr_RepairAbility_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7311	string	TargetName	Vgr_ResourceCollector_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	20	number	UpgradeName	Repair	string	UpgradeType	Ability	identifier			
res,hyp	ability_upgrades.lua				Cost	250	number	Description	$7725	string	DisplayPriority	280	number	DisplayedName	$7724	string				Icon	Icon_Ability	identifier	Name	Vgr_RepairAbility_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7311	string	TargetName	Vgr_ResourceCollector_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	20	number	UpgradeName	Repair	string	UpgradeType	Ability	identifier			
res,hyp	ability_upgrades.lua				Cost	250	number	Description	$7725	string	DisplayPriority	280	number	DisplayedName	$7724	string				Icon	Icon_Ability	identifier	Name	Vgr_RepairAbility_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7311	string	TargetName	Vgr_ResourceCollector_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	20	number	UpgradeName	Repair	string	UpgradeType	Ability	identifier			
hyp	ability_upgrades.lua				Cost	1500	number	Description	$7734	string	DisplayPriority	281	number	DisplayedName	$7732	string				Icon	Icon_Ability	identifier	Name	Vgr_ScoutEMPAbility_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & FighterProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7314	string	TargetName	Vgr_Scout_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	70	number	UpgradeName	SpecialAttack	string	UpgradeType	Ability	identifier			
hyp	ability_upgrades.lua				Cost	1500	number	Description	$7734	string	DisplayPriority	281	number	DisplayedName	$7732	string				Icon	Icon_Ability	identifier	Name	Vgr_ScoutEMPAbility_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & FighterProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7314	string	TargetName	Vgr_Scout_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	70	number	UpgradeName	SpecialAttack	string	UpgradeType	Ability	identifier			
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	Vgr_AllShipBuildSpeed	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Capital	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	1	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.025	number
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	Vgr_AllShipBuildSpeedExpert	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Capital	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	1	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.075	number
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	Vgr_AllShipBuildSpeedHard	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Capital	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	1	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.05	number
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	Vgr_cpuplayers_aggressive	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName		string				Time	1	number									
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	Vgr_cpuplayers_defensive	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName		string				Time	1	number									
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	Vgr_cpuplayers_dynamic	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName		string				Time	1	number									
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	Vgr_cpuplayers_norushtime10	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName		string				Time	1	number									
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	Vgr_cpuplayers_norushtime15	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName		string				Time	1	number									
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	Vgr_cpuplayers_norushtime5	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName		string				Time	1	number									
res,hyp	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	Vgr_ResourceCollectionRateExpert_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	vgr_resourcecollector_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	1	number	UpgradeName	ResourceCollectionRate	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.08	number
res,hyp	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	Vgr_ResourceCollectionRateExpert_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	vgr_resourcecollector_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	1	number	UpgradeName	ResourceCollectionRate	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.08	number
res,hyp	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	Vgr_ResourceCollectionRateExpert_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	vgr_resourcecollector_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	1	number	UpgradeName	ResourceCollectionRate	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.08	number
res,hyp	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	Vgr_ResourceCollectionRateExpert_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	vgr_resourcecollector_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	1	number	UpgradeName	ResourceCollectionRate	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.08	number
res,hyp	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	Vgr_ResourceCollectionRateHard_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	vgr_resourcecollector_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	1	number	UpgradeName	ResourceCollectionRate	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.04	number
res,hyp	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	Vgr_ResourceCollectionRateHard_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	vgr_resourcecollector_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	1	number	UpgradeName	ResourceCollectionRate	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.04	number
res,hyp	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	Vgr_ResourceCollectionRateHard_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	vgr_resourcecollector_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	1	number	UpgradeName	ResourceCollectionRate	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.04	number
res,hyp	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	Vgr_ResourceCollectionRateHard_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	vgr_resourcecollector_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	1	number	UpgradeName	ResourceCollectionRate	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.04	number
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	Vgr_WeaponDamageUpgrade125	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetType	AllShips	identifier	Time	1	number	UpgradeName	WeaponDamage	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.25	number
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	Vgr_WeaponDamageUpgrade150	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetType	AllShips	identifier	Time	1	number	UpgradeName	WeaponDamage	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.5	number
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	Vgr_WeaponDamageUpgrade175	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetType	AllShips	identifier	Time	1	number	UpgradeName	WeaponDamage	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.75	number
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	Vgr_WeaponDamageUpgrade200	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetType	AllShips	identifier	Time	1	number	UpgradeName	WeaponDamage	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	2	number
car	capitalship_upgrades.lua				Cost	3500	number	Description	$7744	string	DisplayPriority	61	number	DisplayedName	$7743	string				Icon	Icon_Health	identifier	Name	Vgr_SuperCapHealthUpgrade1_car0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	CapShipProduction & Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7354	string	TargetName	Capital	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	95	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.4	number
car	capitalship_upgrades.lua																							Vgr_SuperCapHealthUpgrade1_car1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string																					
car	capitalship_upgrades.lua				Cost	2000	number	Description	$7748	string	DisplayPriority	64	number	DisplayedName	$7747	string				Icon	Icon_Speed	identifier	Name	Vgr_SuperCapSpeedUpgrade1_car0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	CapShipProduction & Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7354	string	TargetName	Capital	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	80	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.25	number
car	capitalship_upgrades.lua																							Vgr_SuperCapSpeedUpgrade1_car1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string																					
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	2500	number	Description	$7821	string	DisplayPriority	65	number	DisplayedName	$7820	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_CarrierBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car0_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CapShipProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	100	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	2500	number	Description	$7821	string	DisplayPriority	65	number	DisplayedName	$7820	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_CarrierBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car0_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CapShipProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	100	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	2500	number	Description	$7821	string	DisplayPriority	65	number	DisplayedName	$7820	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_CarrierBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car0_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CapShipProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	100	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	2500	number	Description	$7821	string	DisplayPriority	65	number	DisplayedName	$7820	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_CarrierBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car0_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CapShipProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	100	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	2500	number	Description	$7821	string	DisplayPriority	65	number	DisplayedName	$7820	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_CarrierBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car0_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CapShipProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	100	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	2500	number	Description	$7821	string	DisplayPriority	65	number	DisplayedName	$7820	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_CarrierBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car0_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CapShipProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	100	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	2500	number	Description	$7821	string	DisplayPriority	65	number	DisplayedName	$7820	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_CarrierBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car0_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CapShipProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	100	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	2500	number	Description	$7821	string	DisplayPriority	65	number	DisplayedName	$7820	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_CarrierBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car0_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CapShipProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	100	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	2500	number	Description	$7821	string	DisplayPriority	65	number	DisplayedName	$7820	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_CarrierBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car1_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	100	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	2500	number	Description	$7821	string	DisplayPriority	65	number	DisplayedName	$7820	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_CarrierBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car1_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	100	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	2500	number	Description	$7821	string	DisplayPriority	65	number	DisplayedName	$7820	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_CarrierBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car1_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	100	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	2500	number	Description	$7821	string	DisplayPriority	65	number	DisplayedName	$7820	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_CarrierBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car1_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	100	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	2500	number	Description	$7821	string	DisplayPriority	65	number	DisplayedName	$7820	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_CarrierBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car1_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	100	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	2500	number	Description	$7821	string	DisplayPriority	65	number	DisplayedName	$7820	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_CarrierBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car1_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	100	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	2500	number	Description	$7821	string	DisplayPriority	65	number	DisplayedName	$7820	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_CarrierBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car1_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	100	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	2500	number	Description	$7821	string	DisplayPriority	65	number	DisplayedName	$7820	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_CarrierBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car1_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	100	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7816	string	DisplayPriority	90	number	DisplayedName	$7815	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_MothershipBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car0_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_MotherShip_car0_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	60	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7816	string	DisplayPriority	90	number	DisplayedName	$7815	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_MothershipBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car0_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_MotherShip_car0_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	60	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7816	string	DisplayPriority	90	number	DisplayedName	$7815	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_MothershipBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car0_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_MotherShip_car0_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	60	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7816	string	DisplayPriority	90	number	DisplayedName	$7815	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_MothershipBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car0_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_MotherShip_car0_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	60	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7816	string	DisplayPriority	90	number	DisplayedName	$7815	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_MothershipBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car0_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_MotherShip_car0_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	60	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7816	string	DisplayPriority	90	number	DisplayedName	$7815	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_MothershipBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car0_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_MotherShip_car0_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	60	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7816	string	DisplayPriority	90	number	DisplayedName	$7815	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_MothershipBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car0_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_MotherShip_car0_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	60	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7816	string	DisplayPriority	90	number	DisplayedName	$7815	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_MothershipBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car0_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_MotherShip_car0_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	60	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7816	string	DisplayPriority	90	number	DisplayedName	$7815	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_MothershipBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car1_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_MotherShip_car1_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	60	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7816	string	DisplayPriority	90	number	DisplayedName	$7815	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_MothershipBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car1_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_MotherShip_car1_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	60	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7816	string	DisplayPriority	90	number	DisplayedName	$7815	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_MothershipBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car1_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_MotherShip_car1_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	60	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7816	string	DisplayPriority	90	number	DisplayedName	$7815	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_MothershipBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car1_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_MotherShip_car1_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	60	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7816	string	DisplayPriority	90	number	DisplayedName	$7815	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_MothershipBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car1_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_MotherShip_car1_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	60	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7816	string	DisplayPriority	90	number	DisplayedName	$7815	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_MothershipBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car1_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_MotherShip_car1_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	60	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7816	string	DisplayPriority	90	number	DisplayedName	$7815	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_MothershipBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car1_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_MotherShip_car1_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	60	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7816	string	DisplayPriority	90	number	DisplayedName	$7815	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_MothershipBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car1_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_MotherShip_car1_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	60	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	$7816	string	DisplayPriority	90	number	DisplayedName	$7815	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_MothershipBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_Makaan_car0_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_MotherShip_Makaan_car0_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	$7816	string	DisplayPriority	90	number	DisplayedName	$7815	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_MothershipBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_Makaan_car0_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_MotherShip_Makaan_car0_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	$7816	string	DisplayPriority	90	number	DisplayedName	$7815	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_MothershipBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_Makaan_car0_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_MotherShip_Makaan_car0_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	$7816	string	DisplayPriority	90	number	DisplayedName	$7815	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_MothershipBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_Makaan_car0_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_MotherShip_Makaan_car0_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	$7816	string	DisplayPriority	90	number	DisplayedName	$7815	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_MothershipBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_Makaan_car0_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_MotherShip_Makaan_car0_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	$7816	string	DisplayPriority	90	number	DisplayedName	$7815	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_MothershipBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_Makaan_car0_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_MotherShip_Makaan_car0_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	$7816	string	DisplayPriority	90	number	DisplayedName	$7815	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_MothershipBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_Makaan_car0_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_MotherShip_Makaan_car0_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	$7816	string	DisplayPriority	90	number	DisplayedName	$7815	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_MothershipBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_Makaan_car0_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_MotherShip_Makaan_car0_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	$7816	string	DisplayPriority	90	number	DisplayedName	$7815	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_MothershipBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_Makaan_car1_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_MotherShip_Makaan_car1_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	$7816	string	DisplayPriority	90	number	DisplayedName	$7815	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_MothershipBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_Makaan_car1_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_MotherShip_Makaan_car1_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	$7816	string	DisplayPriority	90	number	DisplayedName	$7815	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_MothershipBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_Makaan_car1_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_MotherShip_Makaan_car1_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	$7816	string	DisplayPriority	90	number	DisplayedName	$7815	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_MothershipBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_Makaan_car1_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_MotherShip_Makaan_car1_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	$7816	string	DisplayPriority	90	number	DisplayedName	$7815	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_MothershipBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_Makaan_car1_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_MotherShip_Makaan_car1_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	$7816	string	DisplayPriority	90	number	DisplayedName	$7815	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_MothershipBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_Makaan_car1_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_MotherShip_Makaan_car1_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	$7816	string	DisplayPriority	90	number	DisplayedName	$7815	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_MothershipBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_Makaan_car1_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_MotherShip_Makaan_car1_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	$7816	string	DisplayPriority	90	number	DisplayedName	$7815	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_MothershipBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_Makaan_car1_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_MotherShip_Makaan_car1_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7826	string	DisplayPriority	65	number	DisplayedName	$7825	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_ShipyardBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car0_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CapShipProduction & Hyperspace	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_ShipYard_car0_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	95	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7826	string	DisplayPriority	65	number	DisplayedName	$7825	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_ShipyardBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car0_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CapShipProduction & Hyperspace	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_ShipYard_car0_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	95	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7826	string	DisplayPriority	65	number	DisplayedName	$7825	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_ShipyardBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car0_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CapShipProduction & Hyperspace	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_ShipYard_car0_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	95	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7826	string	DisplayPriority	65	number	DisplayedName	$7825	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_ShipyardBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car0_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CapShipProduction & Hyperspace	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_ShipYard_car0_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	95	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7826	string	DisplayPriority	65	number	DisplayedName	$7825	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_ShipyardBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car0_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CapShipProduction & Hyperspace	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_ShipYard_car0_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	95	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7826	string	DisplayPriority	65	number	DisplayedName	$7825	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_ShipyardBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car0_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CapShipProduction & Hyperspace	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_ShipYard_car0_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	95	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7826	string	DisplayPriority	65	number	DisplayedName	$7825	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_ShipyardBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car0_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CapShipProduction & Hyperspace	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_ShipYard_car0_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	95	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7826	string	DisplayPriority	65	number	DisplayedName	$7825	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_ShipyardBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car0_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CapShipProduction & Hyperspace	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_ShipYard_car0_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	95	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7826	string	DisplayPriority	65	number	DisplayedName	$7825	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_ShipyardBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car1_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CapShipProduction & Hyperspace	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_ShipYard_car1_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	95	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7826	string	DisplayPriority	65	number	DisplayedName	$7825	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_ShipyardBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car1_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CapShipProduction & Hyperspace	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_ShipYard_car1_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	95	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7826	string	DisplayPriority	65	number	DisplayedName	$7825	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_ShipyardBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car1_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CapShipProduction & Hyperspace	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_ShipYard_car1_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	95	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7826	string	DisplayPriority	65	number	DisplayedName	$7825	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_ShipyardBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car1_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CapShipProduction & Hyperspace	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_ShipYard_car1_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	95	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7826	string	DisplayPriority	65	number	DisplayedName	$7825	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_ShipyardBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car1_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CapShipProduction & Hyperspace	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_ShipYard_car1_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	95	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7826	string	DisplayPriority	65	number	DisplayedName	$7825	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_ShipyardBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car1_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CapShipProduction & Hyperspace	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_ShipYard_car1_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	95	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7826	string	DisplayPriority	65	number	DisplayedName	$7825	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_ShipyardBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car1_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CapShipProduction & Hyperspace	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_ShipYard_car1_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	95	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7826	string	DisplayPriority	65	number	DisplayedName	$7825	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	Vgr_ShipyardBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_car1_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CapShipProduction & Hyperspace	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_ShipYard_car1_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	95	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
	corvette_upgrade_health.lua				Cost	1800	number	Description	$7760	string	DisplayPriority	200	number	DisplayedName	$7759	string				Icon	Icon_Health	identifier	Name	Vgr_CorvetteHealthUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	CorvetteProduction & Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7341	string	TargetName	Corvette	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	75	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.5	number
	corvette_upgrade_health.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7764	string	DisplayPriority	201	number	DisplayedName	$7763	string				Icon	Icon_Speed	identifier	Name	Vgr_CorvetteSpeedUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	CorvetteProduction & Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7341	string	TargetName	Corvette	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	60	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
rch,hyp	default.lua				Cost	2500	number	Description	$7719	string	DisplayPriority	1	number	DisplayedName	$7718	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	Vgr_BattlecruiserIonWeapons_rch0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CapShipProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7308	string	TargetName	Vgr_BattleCruiser_rch0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	200	number									
rch,hyp	default.lua				Cost	2500	number	Description	$7719	string	DisplayPriority	1	number	DisplayedName	$7718	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	Vgr_BattlecruiserIonWeapons_rch0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CapShipProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7308	string	TargetName	Vgr_BattleCruiser_rch0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	200	number									
rch,hyp	default.lua				Cost	2500	number	Description	$7719	string	DisplayPriority	1	number	DisplayedName	$7718	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	Vgr_BattlecruiserIonWeapons_rch1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CapShipProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7308	string	TargetName	Vgr_BattleCruiser_rch1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	200	number									
rch,hyp	default.lua				Cost	2500	number	Description	$7719	string	DisplayPriority	1	number	DisplayedName	$7718	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	Vgr_BattlecruiserIonWeapons_rch1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CapShipProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7308	string	TargetName	Vgr_BattleCruiser_rch1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	200	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	500	number	Description	$7711	string	DisplayPriority	232	number	DisplayedName	$7710	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	Vgr_CorvetteCommand_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CorvetteProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7304	string	TargetName	Vgr_CommandCorvette_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	60	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	500	number	Description	$7711	string	DisplayPriority	232	number	DisplayedName	$7710	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	Vgr_CorvetteCommand_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CorvetteProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7304	string	TargetName	Vgr_CommandCorvette_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	60	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	1500	number	Description	$7707	string	DisplayPriority	230	number	DisplayedName	$7706	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	Vgr_CorvetteGraviticAttraction_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CorvetteProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7302	string	TargetName	Vgr_MinelayerCorvette_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	100	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	1500	number	Description	$7707	string	DisplayPriority	230	number	DisplayedName	$7706	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	Vgr_CorvetteGraviticAttraction_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CorvetteProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7302	string	TargetName	Vgr_MinelayerCorvette_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	100	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	500	number	Description	$7709	string	DisplayPriority	231	number	DisplayedName	$7708	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	Vgr_CorvetteLaser_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CorvetteProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7303	string	TargetName	Vgr_LaserCorvette_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	60	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	500	number	Description	$7709	string	DisplayPriority	231	number	DisplayedName	$7708	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	Vgr_CorvetteLaser_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CorvetteProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7303	string	TargetName	Vgr_LaserCorvette_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	60	number									
	default.lua				Cost	500	number	Description	$7177	string	DisplayPriority	20	number	DisplayedName	$7176	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	Vgr_CorvetteTech	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7180	string	TargetName	Corvette	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	40	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	2000	number	Description	$7721	string	DisplayPriority	261	number	DisplayedName	$7720	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	Vgr_DestroyerGuns_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CapShipProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7309	string	TargetName	Vgr_Destroyer_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	140	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	2000	number	Description	$7721	string	DisplayPriority	261	number	DisplayedName	$7720	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	Vgr_DestroyerGuns_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CapShipProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7309	string	TargetName	Vgr_Destroyer_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	140	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	650	number	Description	$7715	string	DisplayPriority	250	number	DisplayedName	$7714	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	Vgr_FrigateAssault_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & FrigateProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7306	string	TargetName	Vgr_AssaultFrigate_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	45	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	650	number	Description	$7715	string	DisplayPriority	250	number	DisplayedName	$7714	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	Vgr_FrigateAssault_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & FrigateProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7306	string	TargetName	Vgr_AssaultFrigate_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	45	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7717	string	DisplayPriority	252	number	DisplayedName	$7716	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	Vgr_FrigateInfiltrationTech_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & FrigateProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7307	string	TargetName	Vgr_InfiltratorFrigate_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	60	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7717	string	DisplayPriority	252	number	DisplayedName	$7716	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	Vgr_FrigateInfiltrationTech_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & FrigateProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7307	string	TargetName	Vgr_InfiltratorFrigate_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	60	number									
	default.lua				Cost	1800	number	Description	$7179	string	DisplayPriority	20	number	DisplayedName	$7178	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	Vgr_FrigateTech	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7181	string	TargetName	Frigate	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	120	number									
	default.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	Enhances the fleet's hyperspace drive systems, reducing the hyperspace damage caused by gravity wells. Ships Only Take 10 15906903amage when forced out of hyperspace.	string	DisplayPriority	950	number	DisplayedName	Hyperspace Damage Reduction	string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	Vgr_HyperspaceDamageReductionUpgrade	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string	ShortDisplayedName	10Hyperspace Exit Damage	string	TargetName	Vgr_fleet	string	TargetType	AllShips	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	HyperSpaceAbortDamage	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.4	number
hyp	default.lua				Cost	750	number	Description	$7723	string	DisplayPriority	262	number	DisplayedName	$7722	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	Vgr_HyperspaceGateTech_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7310	string	TargetName	Vgr_HyperSpace_Platform_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	50	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	750	number	Description	$7723	string	DisplayPriority	262	number	DisplayedName	$7722	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	Vgr_HyperspaceGateTech_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7310	string	TargetName	Vgr_HyperSpace_Platform_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	50	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	250	number	Description	$7705	string	DisplayPriority	220	number	DisplayedName	$7704	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	Vgr_LanceBeams_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & FighterProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7301	string	TargetName	Vgr_LanceFighter_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	25	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	250	number	Description	$7705	string	DisplayPriority	220	number	DisplayedName	$7704	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	Vgr_LanceBeams_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & FighterProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7301	string	TargetName	Vgr_LanceFighter_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	25	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	250	number	Description	$7703	string	DisplayPriority	221	number	DisplayedName	$7702	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	Vgr_PlasmaBombs_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & FighterProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7300	string	TargetName	Vgr_Bomber_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	25	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	250	number	Description	$7703	string	DisplayPriority	221	number	DisplayedName	$7702	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	Vgr_PlasmaBombs_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & FighterProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7300	string	TargetName	Vgr_Bomber_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	25	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	1200	number	Description	$7713	string	DisplayPriority	240	number	DisplayedName	$7712	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	Vgr_PlatformHeavyMissiles_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & PlatformProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7305	string	TargetName	Vgr_WeaponPlatform_missile_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	105	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	1200	number	Description	$7713	string	DisplayPriority	240	number	DisplayedName	$7712	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	Vgr_PlatformHeavyMissiles_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & PlatformProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7305	string	TargetName	Vgr_WeaponPlatform_missile_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	105	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	500	number	Description	$7184	string	DisplayPriority	220	number	DisplayedName	$7183	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	Vgr_ProbeProxSensor_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7185	string	TargetName	Vgr_Probe_Prox_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	40	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	500	number	Description	$7184	string	DisplayPriority	220	number	DisplayedName	$7183	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	Vgr_ProbeProxSensor_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7185	string	TargetName	Vgr_Probe_Prox_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	40	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	800	number	Description	$7701	string	DisplayPriority	210	number	DisplayedName	$7700	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	Vgr_ProbeSensorDisruption_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7182	string	TargetName	Vgr_Probe_ECM_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	60	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	800	number	Description	$7701	string	DisplayPriority	210	number	DisplayedName	$7700	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	Vgr_ProbeSensorDisruption_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7182	string	TargetName	Vgr_Probe_ECM_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	60	number									
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCapitalHealth_car0_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Mothership_car0_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCapitalHealth_car0_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Mothership_car0_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCapitalHealth_car0_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Mothership_car0_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCapitalHealth_car0_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Mothership_car0_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCapitalHealth_car0_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Mothership_car0_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCapitalHealth_car0_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Mothership_car0_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCapitalHealth_car0_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Mothership_car0_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCapitalHealth_car0_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Mothership_car0_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCapitalHealth_car1_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Mothership_car1_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCapitalHealth_car1_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Mothership_car1_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCapitalHealth_car1_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Mothership_car1_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCapitalHealth_car1_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Mothership_car1_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCapitalHealth_car1_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Mothership_car1_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCapitalHealth_car1_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Mothership_car1_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCapitalHealth_car1_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Mothership_car1_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCapitalHealth_car1_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Mothership_car1_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCapitalHealth_Makaan_car0_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Mothership_Makaan_car0_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCapitalHealth_Makaan_car0_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Mothership_Makaan_car0_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCapitalHealth_Makaan_car0_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Mothership_Makaan_car0_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCapitalHealth_Makaan_car0_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Mothership_Makaan_car0_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCapitalHealth_Makaan_car0_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Mothership_Makaan_car0_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCapitalHealth_Makaan_car0_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Mothership_Makaan_car0_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCapitalHealth_Makaan_car0_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Mothership_Makaan_car0_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCapitalHealth_Makaan_car0_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Mothership_Makaan_car0_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCapitalHealth_Makaan_car1_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Mothership_Makaan_car1_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCapitalHealth_Makaan_car1_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Mothership_Makaan_car1_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCapitalHealth_Makaan_car1_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Mothership_Makaan_car1_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCapitalHealth_Makaan_car1_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Mothership_Makaan_car1_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCapitalHealth_Makaan_car1_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Mothership_Makaan_car1_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCapitalHealth_Makaan_car1_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Mothership_Makaan_car1_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCapitalHealth_Makaan_car1_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Mothership_Makaan_car1_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCapitalHealth_Makaan_car1_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Mothership_Makaan_car1_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCarrierHealth_car0_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCarrierHealth_car0_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCarrierHealth_car0_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCarrierHealth_car0_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCarrierHealth_car0_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCarrierHealth_car0_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCarrierHealth_car0_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCarrierHealth_car0_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCarrierHealth_car1_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCarrierHealth_car1_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCarrierHealth_car1_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCarrierHealth_car1_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCarrierHealth_car1_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCarrierHealth_car1_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCarrierHealth_car1_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMCarrierHealth_car1_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.8	number
	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMFrigateHealth	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Frigate	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.65	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMShipyardHealth_car0_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Shipyard_car0_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMShipyardHealth_car0_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Shipyard_car0_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMShipyardHealth_car0_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Shipyard_car0_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMShipyardHealth_car0_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Shipyard_car0_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMShipyardHealth_car0_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Shipyard_car0_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMShipyardHealth_car0_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Shipyard_car0_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMShipyardHealth_car0_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Shipyard_car0_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMShipyardHealth_car0_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Shipyard_car0_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMShipyardHealth_car1_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Shipyard_car1_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMShipyardHealth_car1_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Shipyard_car1_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMShipyardHealth_car1_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Shipyard_car1_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMShipyardHealth_car1_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Shipyard_car1_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMShipyardHealth_car1_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Shipyard_car1_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMShipyardHealth_car1_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Shipyard_car1_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMShipyardHealth_car1_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Shipyard_car1_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	Vgr_SGMShipyardHealth_car1_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Shipyard_car1_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
	fighter_upgrade_speed.lua				Cost	1200	number	Description	$7756	string	DisplayPriority	81	number	DisplayedName	$7755	string				Icon	Icon_Speed	identifier	Name	Vgr_FighterspeedUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	FighterProduction & Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7331	string	TargetName	Fighter	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	45	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.4	number
	frigate_upgrade_speed.lua				Cost	2000	number	Description	$7768	string	DisplayPriority	306	number	DisplayedName	$7767	string				Icon	Icon_Health	identifier	Name	Vgr_FrigateHealthUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	FrigateProduction & Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7371	string	TargetName	Frigate	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	100	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.4	number
	frigate_upgrade_speed.lua				Cost	1200	number	Description	$7772	string	DisplayPriority	307	number	DisplayedName	$7771	string				Icon	Icon_Speed	identifier	Name	Vgr_FrigateSpeedUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	FrigateProduction & Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7371	string	TargetName	Frigate	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	70	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.25	number
	platform_upgrade.lua				Cost	1600	number	Description	$7776	string	DisplayPriority	600	number	DisplayedName	$7775	string				Icon	Icon_Health	identifier	Name	Vgr_PlatformHealthUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	PlatformProduction & Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7361	string	TargetName	Platform	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	140	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.75	number
	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	Vaygr Corvette Health upgrade - SP GAME ONLY	string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vgr Corvette Health Upgrade	string							Name	Vgr_CorvetteHealthUpgradeSPGAME	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Corvette	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	3	number
hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1205	number	DisplayedName	Increases damage on Vgr Heavy Missiles (SP Game only!)	string							Name	Vgr_ExtraStrongVgrHeavyMissilesSPGAME_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_HeavyMissileFrigate_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	WeaponDamage	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.35	number
hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1205	number	DisplayedName	Increases damage on Vgr Heavy Missiles (SP Game only!)	string							Name	Vgr_ExtraStrongVgrHeavyMissilesSPGAME_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_HeavyMissileFrigate_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	WeaponDamage	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.35	number
	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1206	number	DisplayedName	Hyperspace Recovery - SP GAME ONLY	string							Name	Vgr_HyperspaceRecoveryTimeUpgradeSPGAME	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetType	AllShips	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	HyperspaceRecoveryTime	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.01	number
	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1206	number	DisplayedName	Hyperspace Transition - SP GAME ONLY	string							Name	Vgr_HyperspaceTransitionTimeUpgradeSPGAME	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetType	AllShips	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	HyperspaceTime	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.1	number
rch,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanBattleCruiserHealth_rch0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_BattleCruiser_rch0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.475	number
rch,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanBattleCruiserHealth_rch0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_BattleCruiser_rch0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.475	number
rch,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanBattleCruiserHealth_rch1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_BattleCruiser_rch1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.475	number
rch,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanBattleCruiserHealth_rch1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_BattleCruiser_rch1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.475	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanCarrierHealth_car0_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanCarrierHealth_car0_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanCarrierHealth_car0_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanCarrierHealth_car0_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanCarrierHealth_car0_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanCarrierHealth_car0_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanCarrierHealth_car0_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanCarrierHealth_car0_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanCarrierHealth_car1_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanCarrierHealth_car1_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanCarrierHealth_car1_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanCarrierHealth_car1_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanCarrierHealth_car1_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanCarrierHealth_car1_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanCarrierHealth_car1_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanCarrierHealth_car1_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanCorvetteHealth	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Corvette	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.6	number
hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanDestroyerHealth_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Destroyer_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanDestroyerHealth_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Destroyer_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanFighterHealth	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Corvette	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.5	number
	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanFrigateHealth	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Frigate	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.6	number
	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanPlatformHealth	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Platform	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	2.15	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanShipyardHealth_car0_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Shipyard_car0_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanShipyardHealth_car0_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Shipyard_car0_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanShipyardHealth_car0_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Shipyard_car0_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanShipyardHealth_car0_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Shipyard_car0_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanShipyardHealth_car0_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Shipyard_car0_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanShipyardHealth_car0_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Shipyard_car0_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanShipyardHealth_car0_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Shipyard_car0_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanShipyardHealth_car0_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Shipyard_car0_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanShipyardHealth_car1_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Shipyard_car1_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanShipyardHealth_car1_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Shipyard_car1_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanShipyardHealth_car1_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Shipyard_car1_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanShipyardHealth_car1_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Shipyard_car1_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanShipyardHealth_car1_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Shipyard_car1_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanShipyardHealth_car1_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Shipyard_car1_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanShipyardHealth_car1_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Shipyard_car1_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanShipyardHealth_car1_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Shipyard_car1_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_MakaanUtilityHealth	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Utility	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	2.25	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	Vaygr Shipyard Speed downgrade - SP GAME ONLY	string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Shipyard Speed downgrade	string							Name	Vgr_ShipyardSpeedDowngradeSPGAME_car0_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_ShipYard_car0_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.0001	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	Vaygr Shipyard Speed downgrade - SP GAME ONLY	string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Shipyard Speed downgrade	string							Name	Vgr_ShipyardSpeedDowngradeSPGAME_car0_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_ShipYard_car0_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.0001	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	Vaygr Shipyard Speed downgrade - SP GAME ONLY	string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Shipyard Speed downgrade	string							Name	Vgr_ShipyardSpeedDowngradeSPGAME_car0_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_ShipYard_car0_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.0001	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	Vaygr Shipyard Speed downgrade - SP GAME ONLY	string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Shipyard Speed downgrade	string							Name	Vgr_ShipyardSpeedDowngradeSPGAME_car0_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_ShipYard_car0_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.0001	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	Vaygr Shipyard Speed downgrade - SP GAME ONLY	string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Shipyard Speed downgrade	string							Name	Vgr_ShipyardSpeedDowngradeSPGAME_car0_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_ShipYard_car0_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.0001	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	Vaygr Shipyard Speed downgrade - SP GAME ONLY	string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Shipyard Speed downgrade	string							Name	Vgr_ShipyardSpeedDowngradeSPGAME_car0_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_ShipYard_car0_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.0001	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	Vaygr Shipyard Speed downgrade - SP GAME ONLY	string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Shipyard Speed downgrade	string							Name	Vgr_ShipyardSpeedDowngradeSPGAME_car0_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_ShipYard_car0_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.0001	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	Vaygr Shipyard Speed downgrade - SP GAME ONLY	string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Shipyard Speed downgrade	string							Name	Vgr_ShipyardSpeedDowngradeSPGAME_car0_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_ShipYard_car0_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.0001	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	Vaygr Shipyard Speed downgrade - SP GAME ONLY	string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Shipyard Speed downgrade	string							Name	Vgr_ShipyardSpeedDowngradeSPGAME_car1_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_ShipYard_car1_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.0001	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	Vaygr Shipyard Speed downgrade - SP GAME ONLY	string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Shipyard Speed downgrade	string							Name	Vgr_ShipyardSpeedDowngradeSPGAME_car1_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_ShipYard_car1_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.0001	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	Vaygr Shipyard Speed downgrade - SP GAME ONLY	string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Shipyard Speed downgrade	string							Name	Vgr_ShipyardSpeedDowngradeSPGAME_car1_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_ShipYard_car1_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.0001	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	Vaygr Shipyard Speed downgrade - SP GAME ONLY	string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Shipyard Speed downgrade	string							Name	Vgr_ShipyardSpeedDowngradeSPGAME_car1_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_ShipYard_car1_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.0001	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	Vaygr Shipyard Speed downgrade - SP GAME ONLY	string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Shipyard Speed downgrade	string							Name	Vgr_ShipyardSpeedDowngradeSPGAME_car1_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_ShipYard_car1_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.0001	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	Vaygr Shipyard Speed downgrade - SP GAME ONLY	string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Shipyard Speed downgrade	string							Name	Vgr_ShipyardSpeedDowngradeSPGAME_car1_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_ShipYard_car1_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.0001	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	Vaygr Shipyard Speed downgrade - SP GAME ONLY	string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Shipyard Speed downgrade	string							Name	Vgr_ShipyardSpeedDowngradeSPGAME_car1_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_ShipYard_car1_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.0001	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	Vaygr Shipyard Speed downgrade - SP GAME ONLY	string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Shipyard Speed downgrade	string							Name	Vgr_ShipyardSpeedDowngradeSPGAME_car1_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_ShipYard_car1_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.0001	number
hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1205	number	DisplayedName	 (SP Game only!)	string							Name	Vgr_StrongerGunPlats_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_WeaponPlatform_gun_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	WeaponDamage	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.15	number
hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1205	number	DisplayedName	 (SP Game only!)	string							Name	Vgr_StrongerGunPlats_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_WeaponPlatform_gun_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	WeaponDamage	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.15	number
hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1205	number	DisplayedName	(SP Game only!)	string							Name	Vgr_StrongerMissilePlats_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_WeaponPlatform_missile_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	WeaponDamage	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.15	number
hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1205	number	DisplayedName	(SP Game only!)	string							Name	Vgr_StrongerMissilePlats_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_WeaponPlatform_missile_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	WeaponDamage	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.15	number
	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	Secret Upgrade	string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	Vgr_SuperCapDamageAppliedSPGAME	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Capital	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	DAMAGEAPPLIED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.572	number
	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	Vaygr Carrier Health upgrade - SP GAME ONLY	string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vgr Super Cap Health Upgrade	string							Name	Vgr_SuperCapHealthUpgradeSPGAME	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Capital	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	2.5	number
hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1205	number	DisplayedName	Increases Capture Speed (SP Game only!)	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrCaptureHack_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_InfiltratorFrigate_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	Capture	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.35	number
hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1205	number	DisplayedName	Increases Capture Speed (SP Game only!)	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrCaptureHack_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_InfiltratorFrigate_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	Capture	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.35	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1207	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Carrier Health Regen Rate Downgrade	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrCarrierHealthRegenDowngrade_car0_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	HealthRegenerationRate	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.1	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1207	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Carrier Health Regen Rate Downgrade	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrCarrierHealthRegenDowngrade_car0_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	HealthRegenerationRate	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.1	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1207	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Carrier Health Regen Rate Downgrade	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrCarrierHealthRegenDowngrade_car0_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	HealthRegenerationRate	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.1	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1207	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Carrier Health Regen Rate Downgrade	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrCarrierHealthRegenDowngrade_car0_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	HealthRegenerationRate	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.1	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1207	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Carrier Health Regen Rate Downgrade	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrCarrierHealthRegenDowngrade_car0_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	HealthRegenerationRate	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.1	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1207	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Carrier Health Regen Rate Downgrade	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrCarrierHealthRegenDowngrade_car0_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	HealthRegenerationRate	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.1	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1207	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Carrier Health Regen Rate Downgrade	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrCarrierHealthRegenDowngrade_car0_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	HealthRegenerationRate	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.1	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1207	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Carrier Health Regen Rate Downgrade	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrCarrierHealthRegenDowngrade_car0_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	HealthRegenerationRate	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.1	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1207	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Carrier Health Regen Rate Downgrade	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrCarrierHealthRegenDowngrade_car1_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	HealthRegenerationRate	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.1	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1207	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Carrier Health Regen Rate Downgrade	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrCarrierHealthRegenDowngrade_car1_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	HealthRegenerationRate	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.1	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1207	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Carrier Health Regen Rate Downgrade	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrCarrierHealthRegenDowngrade_car1_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	HealthRegenerationRate	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.1	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1207	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Carrier Health Regen Rate Downgrade	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrCarrierHealthRegenDowngrade_car1_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	HealthRegenerationRate	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.1	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1207	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Carrier Health Regen Rate Downgrade	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrCarrierHealthRegenDowngrade_car1_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	HealthRegenerationRate	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.1	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1207	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Carrier Health Regen Rate Downgrade	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrCarrierHealthRegenDowngrade_car1_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	HealthRegenerationRate	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.1	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1207	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Carrier Health Regen Rate Downgrade	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrCarrierHealthRegenDowngrade_car1_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	HealthRegenerationRate	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.1	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1207	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Carrier Health Regen Rate Downgrade	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrCarrierHealthRegenDowngrade_car1_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	HealthRegenerationRate	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.1	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Carrier Health Upgrade	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrCarrierHealthUpgrade_car0_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Carrier Health Upgrade	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrCarrierHealthUpgrade_car0_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Carrier Health Upgrade	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrCarrierHealthUpgrade_car0_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Carrier Health Upgrade	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrCarrierHealthUpgrade_car0_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Carrier Health Upgrade	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrCarrierHealthUpgrade_car0_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Carrier Health Upgrade	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrCarrierHealthUpgrade_car0_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Carrier Health Upgrade	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrCarrierHealthUpgrade_car0_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Carrier Health Upgrade	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrCarrierHealthUpgrade_car0_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car0_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Carrier Health Upgrade	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrCarrierHealthUpgrade_car1_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch0_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Carrier Health Upgrade	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrCarrierHealthUpgrade_car1_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch0_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Carrier Health Upgrade	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrCarrierHealthUpgrade_car1_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch0_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Carrier Health Upgrade	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrCarrierHealthUpgrade_car1_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch0_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Carrier Health Upgrade	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrCarrierHealthUpgrade_car1_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch1_res0_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Carrier Health Upgrade	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrCarrierHealthUpgrade_car1_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch1_res0_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Carrier Health Upgrade	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrCarrierHealthUpgrade_car1_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch1_res1_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Carrier Health Upgrade	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrCarrierHealthUpgrade_car1_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_Carrier_car1_rch1_res1_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	3	number
	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1207	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Frigate Health Regen Rate Downgrade	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrFrigateHealthRegenDowngradeSPGAME	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Frigate	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	HealthRegenerationRate	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.1	number
	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	Vaygr Frigate Health upgrade - SP GAME ONLY	string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vgr Frigate Health Upgrade	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrFrigateHealthUpgradeSPGAME	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Frigate	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	2	number
	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1205	number	DisplayedName	Makes Vaygr Immune to Radiation (SP Game only!)	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrRadiationImmunityHack	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetType	AllShips	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	NebulaSensitivity	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0	number
hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1205	number	DisplayedName	Increases Capture Speed (SP Game only!)	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrReduceCaptureHack_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_InfiltratorFrigate_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	Capture	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.75	number
hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1205	number	DisplayedName	Increases Capture Speed (SP Game only!)	string							Name	Vgr_VaygrReduceCaptureHack_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_InfiltratorFrigate_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	Capture	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.75	number
hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1205	number	DisplayedName	Reduces damage on Vgr Heavy Missiles (SP Game only!)	string							Name	Vgr_WeakVgrHeavyMissiles_hyp0	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_HeavyMissileFrigate_hyp0	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	WeaponDamage	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.25	number
hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1205	number	DisplayedName	Reduces damage on Vgr Heavy Missiles (SP Game only!)	string							Name	Vgr_WeakVgrHeavyMissiles_hyp1	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Vgr_HeavyMissileFrigate_hyp1	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	WeaponDamage	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.25	number
	utility_upgrade.lua				Cost	1400	number	Description	$7780	string	DisplayPriority	701	number	DisplayedName	$7779	string				Icon	Icon_Health	identifier	Name	Vgr_UtilityHealthUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7351	string	TargetName	Utility	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	120	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.6	number
