hyp	ability_upgrades.lua				Cost	1500	number	Description	$7731	string	DisplayPriority	282	number	DisplayedName	$7730	string				Icon	Icon_Ability	identifier	Name	BomberImprovedBombs	string	RequiredResearch	PlasmaBombs	string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string				ShortDisplayedName	$7313	string	TargetName	Vgr_Bomber	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	45	number	UpgradeName	UseSpecialWeaponsInNormalAttack	string	UpgradeType	Ability	identifier			
hyp	ability_upgrades.lua				Cost	250	number	Description	$7725	string	DisplayPriority	280	number	DisplayedName	$7724	string				Icon	Icon_Ability	identifier	Name	RepairAbility	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string				ShortDisplayedName	$7311	string	TargetName	Vgr_ResourceCollector	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	20	number	UpgradeName	Repair	string	UpgradeType	Ability	identifier			
hyp	ability_upgrades.lua				Cost	1500	number	Description	$7734	string	DisplayPriority	281	number	DisplayedName	$7732	string				Icon	Icon_Ability	identifier	Name	ScoutEMPAbility	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & FighterProduction	string				ShortDisplayedName	$7314	string	TargetName	Vgr_Scout	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	70	number	UpgradeName	SpecialAttack	string	UpgradeType	Ability	identifier			
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	AllShipBuildSpeed	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName	Capital	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	1	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.025	number
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	AllShipBuildSpeedExpert	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName	Capital	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	1	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.075	number
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	AllShipBuildSpeedHard	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName	Capital	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	1	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.05	number
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	cpuplayers_aggressive	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName		string				Time	1	number									
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	cpuplayers_defensive	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName		string				Time	1	number									
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	cpuplayers_dynamic	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName		string				Time	1	number									
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	cpuplayers_norushtime10	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName		string				Time	1	number									
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	cpuplayers_norushtime15	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName		string				Time	1	number									
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	cpuplayers_norushtime5	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName		string				Time	1	number									
hyp	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	ResourceCollectionRateExpert	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName	vgr_resourcecollector	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	1	number	UpgradeName	ResourceCollectionRate	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.08	number
hyp	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	ResourceCollectionRateHard	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName	vgr_resourcecollector	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	1	number	UpgradeName	ResourceCollectionRate	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.04	number
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	WeaponDamageUpgrade125	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string										TargetType	AllShips	identifier	Time	1	number	UpgradeName	WeaponDamage	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.25	number
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	WeaponDamageUpgrade150	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string										TargetType	AllShips	identifier	Time	1	number	UpgradeName	WeaponDamage	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.5	number
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	WeaponDamageUpgrade175	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string										TargetType	AllShips	identifier	Time	1	number	UpgradeName	WeaponDamage	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.75	number
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	WeaponDamageUpgrade200	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string										TargetType	AllShips	identifier	Time	1	number	UpgradeName	WeaponDamage	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	2	number
	capitalship_upgrades.lua				Cost	3500	number	Description	$7744	string	DisplayPriority	61	number	DisplayedName	$7743	string				Icon	Icon_Health	identifier	Name	SuperCapHealthUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	CapShipProduction & Research	string	RequireTag	VaygrCapital	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7354	string	TargetName	Capital	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	95	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.4	number
	capitalship_upgrades.lua				Cost	2000	number	Description	$7748	string	DisplayPriority	64	number	DisplayedName	$7747	string				Icon	Icon_Speed	identifier	Name	SuperCapSpeedUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	CapShipProduction & Research	string	RequireTag	VaygrCapital	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7354	string	TargetName	Capital	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	80	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.25	number
car,rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	2500	number	Description	$7821	string	DisplayPriority	65	number	DisplayedName	$7820	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	CarrierBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CapShipProduction	string	RequireTag	VaygrBuilder	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_Carrier	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	100	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7816	string	DisplayPriority	90	number	DisplayedName	$7815	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	MothershipBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	RequireTag	VaygrBuilder	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_MotherShip	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	60	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	$7816	string	DisplayPriority	90	number	DisplayedName	$7815	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	MothershipBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_Makaan	string	RequiredResearch	MothershipBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1	string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	RequireTag	VaygrBuilder	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_MotherShip_Makaan	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
rch,res,hyp	capitalship_upgrades_buildspeed.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7826	string	DisplayPriority	65	number	DisplayedName	$7825	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	ShipyardBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CapShipProduction & Hyperspace	string	RequireTag	VaygrBuilder	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Vgr_ShipYard	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	95	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
	corvette_upgrade_health.lua				Cost	1800	number	Description	$7760	string	DisplayPriority	200	number	DisplayedName	$7759	string				Icon	Icon_Health	identifier	Name	CorvetteHealthUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	CorvetteProduction & Research	string	RequireTag	VaygrCorvette	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7341	string	TargetName	Corvette	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	75	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.5	number
	corvette_upgrade_health.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7764	string	DisplayPriority	201	number	DisplayedName	$7763	string				Icon	Icon_Speed	identifier	Name	CorvetteSpeedUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	CorvetteProduction & Research	string	RequireTag	VaygrCorvette	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7341	string	TargetName	Corvette	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	60	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
hyp	default.lua				Cost	2500	number	Description	$7719	string	DisplayPriority	1	number	DisplayedName	$7718	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	BattlecruiserIonWeapons	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CapShipProduction	string				ShortDisplayedName	$7308	string	TargetName	Vgr_BattleCruiser	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	200	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	500	number	Description	$7711	string	DisplayPriority	232	number	DisplayedName	$7710	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	CorvetteCommand	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CorvetteProduction	string				ShortDisplayedName	$7304	string	TargetName	Vgr_CommandCorvette	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	60	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	1500	number	Description	$7707	string	DisplayPriority	230	number	DisplayedName	$7706	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	CorvetteGraviticAttraction	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CorvetteProduction	string				ShortDisplayedName	$7302	string	TargetName	Vgr_MinelayerCorvette	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	100	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	500	number	Description	$7709	string	DisplayPriority	231	number	DisplayedName	$7708	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	CorvetteLaser	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CorvetteProduction	string				ShortDisplayedName	$7303	string	TargetName	Vgr_LaserCorvette	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	60	number									
	default.lua				Cost	500	number	Description	$7177	string	DisplayPriority	20	number	DisplayedName	$7176	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	CorvetteTech	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string				ShortDisplayedName	$7180	string	TargetName	Corvette	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	40	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	2000	number	Description	$7721	string	DisplayPriority	261	number	DisplayedName	$7720	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	DestroyerGuns	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & CapShipProduction	string				ShortDisplayedName	$7309	string	TargetName	Vgr_Destroyer	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	140	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	650	number	Description	$7715	string	DisplayPriority	250	number	DisplayedName	$7714	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	FrigateAssault	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & FrigateProduction	string				ShortDisplayedName	$7306	string	TargetName	Vgr_AssaultFrigate	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	45	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7717	string	DisplayPriority	252	number	DisplayedName	$7716	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	FrigateInfiltrationTech	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & FrigateProduction	string				ShortDisplayedName	$7307	string	TargetName	Vgr_InfiltratorFrigate	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	60	number									
	default.lua				Cost	1800	number	Description	$7179	string	DisplayPriority	20	number	DisplayedName	$7178	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	FrigateTech	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string				ShortDisplayedName	$7181	string	TargetName	Frigate	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	120	number									
	default.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	Enhances the fleet's hyperspace drive systems, reducing the hyperspace damage caused by gravity wells. Ships Only Take 10 15906903amage when forced out of hyperspace.	string	DisplayPriority	950	number	DisplayedName	Hyperspace Damage Reduction	string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	HyperspaceDamageReductionUpgrade	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string				ShortDisplayedName	10Hyperspace Exit Damage	string	TargetName	Vgr_fleet	string	TargetType	AllShips	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	HyperSpaceAbortDamage	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.4	number
hyp	default.lua				Cost	750	number	Description	$7723	string	DisplayPriority	262	number	DisplayedName	$7722	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	HyperspaceGateTech	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string				ShortDisplayedName	$7310	string	TargetName	Vgr_HyperSpace_Platform	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	50	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	250	number	Description	$7705	string	DisplayPriority	220	number	DisplayedName	$7704	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	LanceBeams	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & FighterProduction	string				ShortDisplayedName	$7301	string	TargetName	Vgr_LanceFighter	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	25	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	250	number	Description	$7703	string	DisplayPriority	221	number	DisplayedName	$7702	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	PlasmaBombs	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & FighterProduction	string				ShortDisplayedName	$7300	string	TargetName	Vgr_Bomber	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	25	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	1200	number	Description	$7713	string	DisplayPriority	240	number	DisplayedName	$7712	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	PlatformHeavyMissiles	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research & PlatformProduction	string				ShortDisplayedName	$7305	string	TargetName	Vgr_WeaponPlatform_missile	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	105	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	500	number	Description	$7184	string	DisplayPriority	220	number	DisplayedName	$7183	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	ProbeProxSensor	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string				ShortDisplayedName	$7185	string	TargetName	Vgr_Probe_Prox	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	40	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	800	number	Description	$7701	string	DisplayPriority	210	number	DisplayedName	$7700	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	ProbeSensorDisruption	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string				ShortDisplayedName	$7182	string	TargetName	Vgr_Probe_ECM	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	60	number									
rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	SGMCapitalHealth	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName	Vgr_Mothership	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	SGMCapitalHealth_Makaan	string	RequiredResearch	SGMCapitalHealth	string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName	Vgr_Mothership_Makaan	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	SGMCarrierHealth	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName	Vgr_Carrier	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.8	number
	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	SGMFrigateHealth	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName	Frigate	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.65	number
rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	number				Name	SGMShipyardHealth	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName	Vgr_Shipyard	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
	fighter_upgrade_speed.lua				Cost	1200	number	Description	$7756	string	DisplayPriority	81	number	DisplayedName	$7755	string				Icon	Icon_Speed	identifier	Name	FighterspeedUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	FighterProduction & Research	string	RequireTag	VaygrFighter	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7331	string	TargetName	Fighter	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	45	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.4	number
	frigate_upgrade_speed.lua				Cost	2000	number	Description	$7768	string	DisplayPriority	306	number	DisplayedName	$7767	string				Icon	Icon_Health	identifier	Name	FrigateHealthUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	FrigateProduction & Research	string	RequireTag	VaygrFrigate	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7371	string	TargetName	Frigate	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	100	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.4	number
	frigate_upgrade_speed.lua				Cost	1200	number	Description	$7772	string	DisplayPriority	307	number	DisplayedName	$7771	string				Icon	Icon_Speed	identifier	Name	FrigateSpeedUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	FrigateProduction & Research	string	RequireTag	VaygrFrigate	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7371	string	TargetName	Frigate	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	70	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.25	number
	platform_upgrade.lua				Cost	1600	number	Description	$7776	string	DisplayPriority	600	number	DisplayedName	$7775	string				Icon	Icon_Health	identifier	Name	PlatformHealthUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	PlatformProduction & Research	string	RequireTag	VaygrPlatform	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7361	string	TargetName	Platform	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	140	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.75	number
	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	Vaygr Corvette Health upgrade - SP GAME ONLY	string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vgr Corvette Health Upgrade	string							Name	CorvetteHealthUpgradeSPGAME	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName	Corvette	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	3	number
hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1205	number	DisplayedName	Increases damage on Vgr Heavy Missiles (SP Game only!)	string							Name	ExtraStrongVgrHeavyMissilesSPGAME	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName	Vgr_HeavyMissileFrigate	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	WeaponDamage	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.35	number
	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1206	number	DisplayedName	Hyperspace Recovery - SP GAME ONLY	string							Name	HyperspaceRecoveryTimeUpgradeSPGAME	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string										TargetType	AllShips	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	HyperspaceRecoveryTime	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.01	number
	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1206	number	DisplayedName	Hyperspace Transition - SP GAME ONLY	string							Name	HyperspaceTransitionTimeUpgradeSPGAME	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string										TargetType	AllShips	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	HyperspaceTime	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.1	number
hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	MakaanBattleCruiserHealth	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName	Vgr_BattleCruiser	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.475	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	MakaanCarrierHealth	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName	Vgr_Carrier	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	MakaanCorvetteHealth	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName	Corvette	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.6	number
hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	MakaanDestroyerHealth	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName	Vgr_Destroyer	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	MakaanFighterHealth	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName	Corvette	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.5	number
	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	MakaanFrigateHealth	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName	Frigate	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.6	number
	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	MakaanPlatformHealth	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName	Platform	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	2.15	number
rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	MakaanShipyardHealth	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName	Vgr_Shipyard	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.8	number
	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	MakaanUtilityHealth	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName	Utility	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	2.25	number
rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	Vaygr Shipyard Speed downgrade - SP GAME ONLY	string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Shipyard Speed downgrade	string							Name	ShipyardSpeedDowngradeSPGAME	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName	Vgr_ShipYard	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.0001	number
hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1205	number	DisplayedName	 (SP Game only!)	string							Name	StrongerGunPlats	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName	Vgr_WeaponPlatform_gun	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	WeaponDamage	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.15	number
hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1205	number	DisplayedName	(SP Game only!)	string							Name	StrongerMissilePlats	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName	Vgr_WeaponPlatform_missile	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	WeaponDamage	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.15	number
	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	Secret Upgrade	string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	SuperCapDamageAppliedSPGAME	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName	Capital	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	DAMAGEAPPLIED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.572	number
	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	Vaygr Carrier Health upgrade - SP GAME ONLY	string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vgr Super Cap Health Upgrade	string							Name	SuperCapHealthUpgradeSPGAME	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName	Capital	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	2.5	number
hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1205	number	DisplayedName	Increases Capture Speed (SP Game only!)	string							Name	VaygrCaptureHack	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName	Vgr_InfiltratorFrigate	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	Capture	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.35	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1207	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Carrier Health Regen Rate Downgrade	string							Name	VaygrCarrierHealthRegenDowngrade	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName	Vgr_Carrier	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	HealthRegenerationRate	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.1	number
car,rch,res,hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Carrier Health Upgrade	string							Name	VaygrCarrierHealthUpgrade	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName	Vgr_Carrier	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	3	number
	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1207	number	DisplayedName	Vaygr Frigate Health Regen Rate Downgrade	string							Name	VaygrFrigateHealthRegenDowngradeSPGAME	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName	Frigate	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	HealthRegenerationRate	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.1	number
	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	Vaygr Frigate Health upgrade - SP GAME ONLY	string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName	Vgr Frigate Health Upgrade	string							Name	VaygrFrigateHealthUpgradeSPGAME	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName	Frigate	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	2	number
	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1205	number	DisplayedName	Makes Vaygr Immune to Radiation (SP Game only!)	string							Name	VaygrRadiationImmunityHack	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string										TargetType	AllShips	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	NebulaSensitivity	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0	number
hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1205	number	DisplayedName	Increases Capture Speed (SP Game only!)	string							Name	VaygrReduceCaptureHack	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName	Vgr_InfiltratorFrigate	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	Capture	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.75	number
hyp	singleplayer_hacks.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1205	number	DisplayedName	Reduces damage on Vgr Heavy Missiles (SP Game only!)	string							Name	WeakVgrHeavyMissiles	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetName	Vgr_HeavyMissileFrigate	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	WeaponDamage	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.25	number
	utility_upgrade.lua				Cost	1400	number	Description	$7780	string	DisplayPriority	701	number	DisplayedName	$7779	string				Icon	Icon_Health	identifier	Name	UtilityHealthUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	RequireTag	VaygrUtility	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7351	string	TargetName	Utility	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	120	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.6	number
