hyp	ability_upgrades.lua				Cost	1500	number	Description	$7518	string	DisplayPriority	30	number	DisplayedName	$7517	string				Icon	Icon_Ability	identifier	Name	AttackBomberImprovedBombs	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research | AdvancedResearch & FighterProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7208	string	TargetName	Hgn_AttackBomber	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	45	number	UpgradeName	UseSpecialWeaponsInNormalAttack	string	UpgradeType	Ability	identifier			
hyp	ability_upgrades.lua				Cost	1500	number	Description	$7522	string	DisplayPriority	32	number	DisplayedName	$7521	string				Icon	Icon_Ability	identifier	Name	DefenseFieldFrigateShield	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	AdvancedResearch & FrigateProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7210	string	TargetName	Hgn_DefenseFieldFrigate	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	60	number									
hyp	ability_upgrades.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7516	string	DisplayPriority	29	number	DisplayedName	$7515	string				Icon	Icon_Ability	identifier	Name	ImprovedTorpedo	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research | AdvancedResearch & FrigateProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7207	string	TargetName	Hgn_TorpedoFrigate	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	60	number	UpgradeName	UseSpecialWeaponsInNormalAttack	string	UpgradeType	Ability	identifier			
hyp	ability_upgrades.lua				Cost	350	number	Description	$7512	string	DisplayPriority	26	number	DisplayedName	$7511	string				Icon	Icon_Ability	identifier	Name	RepairAbility	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research | AdvancedResearch	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7205	string	TargetName	Hgn_ResourceCollector	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	25	number	UpgradeName	Repair	string	UpgradeType	Ability	identifier			
hyp	ability_upgrades.lua				Cost	1500	number	Description	$7520	string	DisplayPriority	31	number	DisplayedName	$7519	string				Icon	Icon_Ability	identifier	Name	ScoutEMPAbility	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research | AdvancedResearch	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7209	string	TargetName	Hgn_Scout	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	70	number	UpgradeName	SpecialAttack	string	UpgradeType	Ability	identifier			
hyp	ability_upgrades.lua				Cost	500	number	Description	$7514	string	DisplayPriority	27	number	DisplayedName	$7513	string				Icon	Icon_Ability	identifier	Name	ScoutPingAbility	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research | AdvancedResearch	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7206	string	TargetName	Hgn_Scout	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	40	number	UpgradeName	SensorPing	string	UpgradeType	Ability	identifier			
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	AllShipBuildSpeed	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Capital	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	1	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.025	number
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	AllShipBuildSpeedExpert	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Capital	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	1	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.075	number
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	AllShipBuildSpeedHard	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Capital	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	1	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.05	number
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	cpuplayers_aggressive	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName		string				Time	1	number									
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	cpuplayers_defensive	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName		string				Time	1	number									
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	cpuplayers_dynamic	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName		string				Time	1	number									
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	cpuplayers_norushtime10	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName		string				Time	1	number									
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	cpuplayers_norushtime15	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName		string				Time	1	number									
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	cpuplayers_norushtime5	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName		string				Time	1	number									
hyp	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	ResourceCollectionRateExpert	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Hgn_ResourceCollector	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	1	number	UpgradeName	ResourceCollectionRate	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.08	number
hyp	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	ResourceCollectionRateHard	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Hgn_ResourceCollector	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	1	number	UpgradeName	ResourceCollectionRate	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.04	number
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	WeaponDamageUpgrade125	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetType	AllShips	identifier	Time	1	number	UpgradeName	WeaponDamage	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.25	number
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	WeaponDamageUpgrade150	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetType	AllShips	identifier	Time	1	number	UpgradeName	WeaponDamage	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.5	number
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	WeaponDamageUpgrade175	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetType	AllShips	identifier	Time	1	number	UpgradeName	WeaponDamage	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.75	number
	ai_properties.lua	AIOnly	1	boolean	Cost	1	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	0	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	WeaponDamageUpgrade200	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string							TargetType	AllShips	identifier	Time	1	number	UpgradeName	WeaponDamage	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	2	number
hyp	battlecruiser_upgrades.lua				Cost	1500	number	Description	$7596	string	DisplayPriority	401	number	DisplayedName	$7595	string				Icon	Icon_Health	identifier	Name	BattlecruiserHealthUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch	BattlecruiserIonWeapons	string	RequiredSubSystems	Research | AdvancedResearch & CapShipProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7254	string	TargetName	Hgn_BattleCruiser	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	90	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.4	number
hyp	battlecruiser_upgrades.lua				Cost	600	number	Description	$7600	string	DisplayPriority	404	number	DisplayedName	$7599	string				Icon	Icon_Speed	identifier	Name	BattlecruiserMAXSPEEDUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch	BattlecruiserIonWeapons	string	RequiredSubSystems	Research | AdvancedResearch & CapShipProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7254	string	TargetName	Hgn_BattleCruiser	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	30	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.25	number
car,rch,res,hyp	carrier_upgrades.lua				Cost	2250	number	Description	$7806	string	DisplayPriority	65	number	DisplayedName	$7805	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	CarrierBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	AdvancedResearch & CapShipProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Hgn_Carrier	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	60	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	carrier_upgrades.lua				Cost	800	number	Description	$7532	string	DisplayPriority	61	number	DisplayedName	$7531	string				Icon	Icon_Health	identifier	Name	CarrierHealthUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research | AdvancedResearch & CapShipProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7221	string	TargetName	Hgn_Carrier	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	40	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.4	number
car,rch,res,hyp	carrier_upgrades.lua				Cost	400	number	Description	$7536	string	DisplayPriority	64	number	DisplayedName	$7535	string				Icon	Icon_Speed	identifier	Name	CarrierMAXSPEEDUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research | AdvancedResearch & CapShipProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7221	string	TargetName	Hgn_Carrier	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	30	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.25	number
hyp	corvette_upgrade_health.lua				Cost	800	number	Description	$7556	string	DisplayPriority	200	number	DisplayedName	$7555	string				Icon	Icon_Health	identifier	Name	AssaultCorvetteHealthUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research | AdvancedResearch & CorvetteProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7237	string	TargetName	Hgn_AssaultCorvette	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	40	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.5	number
hyp	corvette_upgrade_health.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7564	string	DisplayPriority	206	number	DisplayedName	$7563	string				Icon	Icon_Health	identifier	Name	PulsarCorvetteHealthUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research | AdvancedResearch & CorvetteProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7241	string	TargetName	Hgn_PulsarCorvette	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	50	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.5	number
hyp	corvette_upgrade_speed.lua				Cost	400	number	Description	$7560	string	DisplayPriority	203	number	DisplayedName	$7559	string				Icon	Icon_Speed	identifier	Name	AssaultCorvetteMAXSPEEDUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research | AdvancedResearch & CorvetteProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7237	string	TargetName	Hgn_AssaultCorvette	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	20	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.25	number
hyp	corvette_upgrade_speed.lua				Cost	600	number	Description	$7568	string	DisplayPriority	209	number	DisplayedName	$7567	string				Icon	Icon_Speed	identifier	Name	PulsarCorvetteMAXSPEEDUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research | AdvancedResearch & CorvetteProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7241	string	TargetName	Hgn_PulsarCorvette	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	30	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.25	number
hyp	default.lua				Cost	1800	number	Description	$7505	string	DisplayPriority	1	number	DisplayedName	$7504	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	BattlecruiserIonWeapons	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	AdvancedResearch & CapShipProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7202	string	TargetName	Hgn_BattleCruiser	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	140	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	1500	number	Description	$7508	string	DisplayPriority	3	number	DisplayedName	$7507	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	DestroyerTech	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research | AdvancedResearch & CapShipProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7203	string	TargetName	Hgn_Destroyer	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	90	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	500	number	Description	$7510	string	DisplayPriority	4	number	DisplayedName	$7509	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	ECMProbe	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	AdvancedResearch	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7204	string	TargetName	Hgn_ECMProbe	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	45	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	750	number	Description	$7501	string	DisplayPriority	2	number	DisplayedName	$7500	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	GraviticAttractionMines	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	AdvancedResearch & CorvetteProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7200	string	TargetName	Hgn_MinelayerCorvette	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	40	number									
	default.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	Enhances the fleet's hyperspace drive systems, reducing the hyperspace damage caused by gravity wells. Ships Only Take 10 11384919amage when forced out of hyperspace.	string	DisplayPriority	950	number	DisplayedName	Hyperspace Damage Reduction	string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	HyperspaceDamageReductionUpgrade	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems		string	ShortDisplayedName	10Hyperspace Exit Damage	string	TargetName	Hgn_fleet	string	TargetType	AllShips	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	HyperSpaceAbortDamage	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.4	number
car,rch,res,hyp	default.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	Instant Tech	string	DisplayPriority	1	number	DisplayedName		string							Name	InstaAdvancedFrigateTech	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	AdvancedResearch	string				TargetName	Hgn_Mothership	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	600	number	Description	$7503	string	DisplayPriority	24	number	DisplayedName	$7502	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	PlatformIonWeapons	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research | AdvancedResearch & PlatformProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7201	string	TargetName	Hgn_IonTurret	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	100	number									
hyp	default.lua				Cost	500	number	Description	$7651	string	DisplayPriority	5	number	DisplayedName	$7650	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	SensDisProbe	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7214	string	TargetName	Hgn_ProximitySensor	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	35	number									
hyp	destroyer_upgrades.lua				Cost	1500	number	Description	$7640	string	DisplayPriority	405	number	DisplayedName	$7639	string				Icon	Icon_Health	identifier	Name	DestroyerHealthUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch	DestroyerTech	string	RequiredSubSystems	Research | AdvancedResearch & CapShipProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7274	string	TargetName	Hgn_Destroyer	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	90	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.4	number
hyp	destroyer_upgrades.lua				Cost	600	number	Description	$7644	string	DisplayPriority	406	number	DisplayedName	$7643	string				Icon	Icon_Speed	identifier	Name	DestroyerMAXSPEEDUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch	DestroyerTech	string	RequiredSubSystems	Research | AdvancedResearch & CapShipProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7274	string	TargetName	Hgn_Destroyer	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	40	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.25	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	SGMCapitalHealth	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Hgn_Mothership	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	SGMCarrierHealth	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Hgn_Carrier	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.65	number
	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	SGMFrigateHealth	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Frigate	string	TargetType	Family	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.65	number
car,rch,res,hyp	explicit_grant.lua				Cost	0	number	Description		string	DisplayPriority	1208	number	DisplayedName		string	DoNotGrant	1	boolean				Name	SGMShipyardHealth	string	RequiredResearch	RESEARCH HACK	string	RequiredSubSystems		string				TargetName	Hgn_Shipyard	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.5	number
hyp	fighter_upgrade_speed.lua				Cost	400	number	Description	$7552	string	DisplayPriority	87	number	DisplayedName	$7551	string				Icon	Icon_Speed	identifier	Name	AttackBomberMAXSPEEDUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research | AdvancedResearch & FighterProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7234	string	TargetName	Hgn_AttackBomber	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	30	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.4	number
hyp	fighter_upgrade_speed.lua				Cost	800	number	Description	$7544	string	DisplayPriority	81	number	DisplayedName	$7543	string				Icon	Icon_Speed	identifier	Name	InterceptorMAXSPEEDUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research | AdvancedResearch & FighterProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7231	string	TargetName	Hgn_Interceptor	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	30	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.4	number
hyp	frigate_upgrade_health.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7588	string	DisplayPriority	312	number	DisplayedName	$7587	string				Icon	Icon_Health	identifier	Name	AssaultFrigateHealthUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch	InstaAdvancedFrigateTech	string	RequiredSubSystems	Research | AdvancedResearch & FrigateProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7251	string	TargetName	Hgn_AssaultFrigate	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	75	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.4	number
hyp	frigate_upgrade_health.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7580	string	DisplayPriority	306	number	DisplayedName	$7579	string				Icon	Icon_Health	identifier	Name	IonCannonFrigateHealthUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch	InstaAdvancedFrigateTech	string	RequiredSubSystems	Research | AdvancedResearch & FrigateProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7247	string	TargetName	Hgn_IonCannonFrigate	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	75	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.4	number
hyp	frigate_upgrade_health.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7572	string	DisplayPriority	300	number	DisplayedName	$7571	string				Icon	Icon_Health	identifier	Name	TorpedoFrigateHealthUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research | AdvancedResearch & FrigateProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7244	string	TargetName	Hgn_TorpedoFrigate	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	75	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.4	number
hyp	frigate_upgrade_speed.lua				Cost	600	number	Description	$7592	string	DisplayPriority	315	number	DisplayedName	$7591	string				Icon	Icon_Speed	identifier	Name	AssaultFrigateMAXSPEEDUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch	InstaAdvancedFrigateTech	string	RequiredSubSystems	Research | AdvancedResearch & FrigateProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7251	string	TargetName	Hgn_AssaultFrigate	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	50	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.25	number
hyp	frigate_upgrade_speed.lua				Cost	600	number	Description	$7584	string	DisplayPriority	309	number	DisplayedName	$7583	string				Icon	Icon_Speed	identifier	Name	IonCannonFrigateMAXSPEEDUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch	InstaAdvancedFrigateTech	string	RequiredSubSystems	Research | AdvancedResearch & FrigateProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7247	string	TargetName	Hgn_IonCannonFrigate	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	50	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.25	number
hyp	frigate_upgrade_speed.lua				Cost	600	number	Description	$7576	string	DisplayPriority	303	number	DisplayedName	$7575	string				Icon	Icon_Speed	identifier	Name	TorpedoFrigateMAXSPEEDUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research | AdvancedResearch & FrigateProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7244	string	TargetName	Hgn_TorpedoFrigate	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	50	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.25	number
	hyperspace_upgrades.lua				Cost	500	number	Description	$7628	string	DisplayPriority	1000	number	DisplayedName	$7627	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	HyperspaceCostUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research | AdvancedResearch & Hyperspace	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7280	string	TargetName	Hgn_Mothership	string	TargetType	AllShips	identifier	Time	45	number	UpgradeName	HyperspaceCost	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.75	number
	hyperspace_upgrades.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7630	string	DisplayPriority	1000	number	DisplayedName	$7629	string				Icon	Icon_Tech	identifier	Name	HyperspaceCostUpgrade2	string	RequiredResearch	HyperspaceCostUpgrade1	string	RequiredSubSystems	AdvancedResearch | AdvancedResearch & Hyperspace	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7281	string	TargetName	Hgn_Mothership	string	TargetType	AllShips	identifier	Time	60	number	UpgradeName	HyperspaceCost	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	0.6	number
car,rch,res,hyp	mothership_upgrades.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7801	string	DisplayPriority	45	number	DisplayedName	$7800	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	MothershipBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	AdvancedResearch	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Hgn_MotherShip	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	60	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	mothership_upgrades.lua				Cost	800	number	Description	$7524	string	DisplayPriority	41	number	DisplayedName	$7523	string				Icon	Icon_Health	identifier	Name	MothershipHealthUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research | AdvancedResearch	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7211	string	TargetName	Hgn_MotherShip	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	30	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.75	number
car,rch,res,hyp	mothership_upgrades.lua				Cost	400	number	Description	$7528	string	DisplayPriority	44	number	DisplayedName	$7527	string				Icon	Icon_Speed	identifier	Name	MothershipMAXSPEEDUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research | AdvancedResearch	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7211	string	TargetName	Hgn_MotherShip	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	30	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.25	number
hyp	platform_upgrades.lua				Cost	800	number	Description	$7604	string	DisplayPriority	600	number	DisplayedName	$7603	string				Icon	Icon_Health	identifier	Name	GunTurretHealthUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research | AdvancedResearch & PlatformProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7257	string	TargetName	Hgn_GunTurret	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	40	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.5	number
hyp	platform_upgrades.lua				Cost	800	number	Description	$7608	string	DisplayPriority	603	number	DisplayedName	$7607	string				Icon	Icon_Health	identifier	Name	IonTurretHealthUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch	PlatformIonWeapons	string	RequiredSubSystems	Research | AdvancedResearch & PlatformProduction	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7261	string	TargetName	Hgn_IonTurret	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	100	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.5	number
car,rch,res,hyp	shipyard_upgrades.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7811	string	DisplayPriority	1204	number	DisplayedName	$7810	string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	ShipyardBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	AdvancedResearch & Hyperspace	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Hgn_Shipyard	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	40	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	shipyard_upgrades.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	Instant Tech	string	DisplayPriority	1204	number	DisplayedName		string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	ShipyardBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_Elohim	string	RequiredResearch	ShipyardBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1	string	RequiredSubSystems		string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Hgn_Shipyard_Elohim	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	shipyard_upgrades.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	Instant Tech	string	DisplayPriority	1204	number	DisplayedName		string				Icon	Icon_Build	identifier	Name	ShipyardBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1_SPG	string	RequiredResearch	ShipyardBUILDSPEEDUpgrade1	string	RequiredSubSystems		string	ShortDisplayedName	$7240	string	TargetName	Hgn_Shipyard_SPG	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	BUILDSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.3	number
car,rch,res,hyp	shipyard_upgrades.lua				Cost	800	number	Description	$7620	string	DisplayPriority	1200	number	DisplayedName	$7619	string				Icon	Icon_Health	identifier	Name	ShipyardHealthUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research | AdvancedResearch & Hyperspace	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7271	string	TargetName	Hgn_Shipyard	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	30	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.4	number
car,rch,res,hyp	shipyard_upgrades.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	Instant Tech	string	DisplayPriority	1200	number	DisplayedName		string				Icon	Icon_Health	identifier	Name	ShipyardHealthUpgrade1_Elohim	string	RequiredResearch	ShipyardHealthUpgrade1	string	RequiredSubSystems		string	ShortDisplayedName	$7271	string	TargetName	Hgn_Shipyard_Elohim	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.4	number
car,rch,res,hyp	shipyard_upgrades.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	Instant Tech	string	DisplayPriority	1200	number	DisplayedName		string				Icon	Icon_Health	identifier	Name	ShipyardHealthUpgrade1_SPG	string	RequiredResearch	ShipyardHealthUpgrade1	string	RequiredSubSystems		string	ShortDisplayedName	$7271	string	TargetName	Hgn_Shipyard_SPG	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.4	number
car,rch,res,hyp	shipyard_upgrades.lua				Cost	400	number	Description	$7624	string	DisplayPriority	1203	number	DisplayedName	$7623	string				Icon	Icon_Speed	identifier	Name	ShipyardMAXSPEEDUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research | AdvancedResearch & Hyperspace	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7271	string	TargetName	Hgn_Shipyard	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	30	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.25	number
car,rch,res,hyp	shipyard_upgrades.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	Instant Tech	string	DisplayPriority	1203	number	DisplayedName		string				Icon	Icon_Speed	identifier	Name	ShipyardMAXSPEEDUpgrade1_Elohim	string	RequiredResearch	ShipyardMAXSPEEDUpgrade1	string	RequiredSubSystems		string	ShortDisplayedName	$7271	string	TargetName	Hgn_Shipyard_Elohim	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.25	number
car,rch,res,hyp	shipyard_upgrades.lua				Cost	0	number	Description	Instant Tech	string	DisplayPriority	1203	number	DisplayedName		string				Icon	Icon_Speed	identifier	Name	ShipyardMAXSPEEDUpgrade1_SPG	string	RequiredResearch	ShipyardMAXSPEEDUpgrade1	string	RequiredSubSystems		string	ShortDisplayedName	$7271	string	TargetName	Hgn_Shipyard_SPG	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	0	number	UpgradeName	MAXSPEED	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.25	number
hyp	utility_upgrades.lua				Cost	1000	number	Description	$7612	string	DisplayPriority	701	number	DisplayedName	$7611	string				Icon	Icon_Health	identifier	Name	ResourceCollectorHealthUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research | AdvancedResearch	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7264	string	TargetName	Hgn_ResourceCollector	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	90	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.6	number
res,hyp	utility_upgrades.lua				Cost	400	number	Description	$7616	string	DisplayPriority	704	number	DisplayedName	$7615	string				Icon	Icon_Health	identifier	Name	ResourceControllerHealthUpgrade1	string	RequiredResearch		string	RequiredSubSystems	Research | AdvancedResearch	string	ShortDisplayedName	$7267	string	TargetName	Hgn_ResourceController	string	TargetType	Ship	identifier	Time	60	number	UpgradeName	MAXHEALTH	string	UpgradeType	Modifier	identifier	UpgradeValue	1.6	number
