
                                        War of Kadesh
                                        (Version 1.0)

Author: The Reflection                                                   E-Mail: WStar345@aol.com
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Story
  - 
The Taiidan imperialists have fled to the Great Nebula, pursued by Kushan forces after the 
Hiigaran landfall.  The Kadeshi, unaware of recent events, have used a large inhibitor to pull 
the fleets out of hyperspace, and massed a large fleet.  In this fleet are motherships, which can 
prevent hyperspace jumps.  The area is filled with wrecks, and dust clouds obscure sensors.  
Destroy your enemies, while evading the Kadeshi.  But be aware, for they are located throughout 
the nebula, among other places.


Setup
  - 
Unzip the zip file in your Homeworld\Multiplayer directory.  


Layout
  -
This map is large, approximately 250 kilometers across in the normal versions.  Five linear 
branches of dust clouds come out of the central nebula, 3 on the main battle plane at 120° to one 
another, 2 more perpendicular to the battle plane.  The normal players start on the ends of the 
branches away from the nebula, while the bulk of the Kadeshi forces lie in the nebula.  Between 
each player is a pocket of dust particles, which may contain surprises.  Beware of the yellow 
anomaly blips.


The Versions
     -
War of Kadesh comes in three versions:

	War of Kadesh - The standard, normal map.  The last player to join in the game (by 
default, a computer) is the Kadeshi.  (Set up much like the Kadeshi Last version of Streamers by 
BPLlama). Their firepower in the beginning is superior, but unless they are allowed to build, the 
normal players can rival and even exceed them.  If the Kadeshi player is a computer, it will not 
build.
	War of Kadesh (CPU Kadeshi) - The Kadeshi ships are controlled by a computer.  They do 
not launch themselves on any offensive operations, or act together, but merely react to whatever 
is going on around them.  (Good for salvaging the vessels.)  The Kadeshi have many, many, many, 
ships, so this version is not very suited for WON, but can lead to some interesting Skirmish 
games.
	War of Kadesh Lite - This version is half the length of the other versions.  The only 
derelicts are the ones that generate the yellow anomaly pings.  It is good for shorter games, 
faster play, and/or WON games.


Known Problems
   -
·For some reason, some of the Kadeshi ships on WON games are pink.  They are supposed to be 
black, which is evident in Skirmish games.

·Since War of Kadesh is large, WON games can cause problems.  As your fleets grow, Homeworld may 
crash on you.  This is a problem on many custom maps.  A solution might be to close all programs 
except for Explorer, Systray, your Internet connection, and Homeworld before WON play.  Those of 
you with slower Internet connections might be more prone to this problem.  It is recommended that 
you stay away from WON games with the CPU Kadeshi version if you have a slow connection.

·Again, avoid CPU Kadeshi games on WON!  If you try it with a normal modem, you will get repeated 
time out errors.  Unless you have a very fast Internet connection (a cable modem, perhaps), 
chances are that any games will be constantly interrupted by time out messages, Homeworld 
crashing, among other possibilities.  Save yourself the trouble, and play it in Skirmish mode, 
where you do not have to worry about Internet connections.  I apologize if I am repeating myself.


Conclusion
    -
Thanks to Relic for creating such a great game, Dylov for compiling the Homeworld Mapmaker's 
Primer, which I used repeatedly, those who play-tested this map on WON, and had to endure my 
modem connection and Homeworld crashing on us, those who posted this map on their archives 
(including BPLlama and Homeworld Nation), and finally, you, for playing this map and reading the 
entire readme file.

Feel free to contact me if you have any comments, questions, or suggestions at WStar345@aol.com.

                                                                                   The Reflection
                                                                                     July 10,2000

